Lwm2m modem firmware udate (#12424)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* Added support for the nRF9161 development kit.

> * Added handler for new LwM2M modem firmware callback event ``LWM2M_FOTA_UPDATE_MODEM_RECONNECT_REQ``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added handler for new LwM2M modem firmware callback event :c:member:`LWM2M_FOTA_UPDATE_MODEM_RECONNECT_REQ`.
```

>   Handler return -1 which keep original functionality with system reset after modem update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Handler may return -1 to keep default behavior of system reset after the modem update.
```

> * Added support for the nRF9161 development kit.
> 
> * Added handler for new LwM2M modem firmware callback event :c:member:`LWM2M_FOTA_UPDATE_MODEM_RECONNECT_REQ`.
>   Handler may return -1 to keep default behavior of system reset after the modem update.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

* Added:

  * Support for the nRF9161 development kit.
  * A handler for a new LwM2M modem firmware callback event c:member:`LWM2M_FOTA_UPDATE_MODEM_RECONNECT_REQ`.
    The handler may return ``-1`` to keep the default behavior of system reset after the modem update.
```

      This significantly reduces the DTLS handshake overhead when doing the LwM2M Update operation.
    * Support for Hosting MCUmgr client for external MCU.
      Including a new overlay file for enabling this and devicetree overlay files for UART2 and MCUboot recovery mode.

>     * Added handler for new LwM2M modem firmware callback event ``LWM2M_FOTA_UPDATE_MODEM_RECONNECT_REQ`` for reconnect modem and client after modem firmware update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Added handler for new LwM2M modem firmware callback event :c:member:`LWM2M_FOTA_UPDATE_MODEM_RECONNECT_REQ` to request for reconnecting of the modem and client after firmware update.
```

>       Handler return 0 which indicate LwM2M utils library for skip system reboot and trig a new application state ``RECONNECT_AFTER_UPDATE``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Just remove that line, this is part of the documentation, not changelog.

>     * New state ``RECONNECT_AFTER_UPDATE`` initialize modem by :c:function:`lte_lc_init` and connect by:c:function:`modem_connect` and trigger a LwM2M client re-connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * New state :c:member:`RECONNECT_AFTER_UPDATE` that initializes modem triggers a LwM2M client re-connection.
```
Too much details to describe internal working here.

      This significantly reduces the DTLS handshake overhead when doing the LwM2M Update operation.
    * Support for Hosting MCUmgr client for external MCU.
      Including a new overlay file for enabling this and devicetree overlay files for UART2 and MCUboot recovery mode.

>     * Added handler for new LwM2M modem firmware callback event :c:member:`LWM2M_FOTA_UPDATE_MODEM_RECONNECT_REQ` to request for reconnecting of the modem and client after firmware update.
>     * New state :c:member:`RECONNECT_AFTER_UPDATE` that initializes modem triggers a LwM2M client re-connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * A handler for a new LwM2M modem firmware callback event :c:member:`LWM2M_FOTA_UPDATE_MODEM_RECONNECT_REQ` to request for reconnecting the modem and client after firmware update.
    * A new state :c:member:`RECONNECT_AFTER_UPDATE` that initializes the modem to trigger LwM2M client re-connection.
```

    * Support for MCUmgr SMP client to perform a FOTA on an external SoC.
    * Advanced LwM2M FOTA support for an external MCU with DFU SMP target.
    * FOTA download Utils API integrated to the library.

>     * New LwM2M modem firmware callback event  type ``LWM2M_FOTA_UPDATE_MODEM_RECONNECT_REQ`` for reconnect modem and client after modem firmware update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * New LwM2M modem firmware callback event  type :c:member:`LWM2M_FOTA_UPDATE_MODEM_RECONNECT_REQ` to request re-connection after modem firmware update.
```

    * Support for MCUmgr SMP client to perform a FOTA on an external SoC.
    * Advanced LwM2M FOTA support for an external MCU with DFU SMP target.
    * FOTA download Utils API integrated to the library.

>     * New LwM2M modem firmware callback event  type :c:member:`LWM2M_FOTA_UPDATE_MODEM_RECONNECT_REQ` to request re-connection after modem firmware update.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * A new LwM2M modem firmware callback event type :c:member:`LWM2M_FOTA_UPDATE_MODEM_RECONNECT_REQ` to request re-connection after modem firmware update.
```

* :ref:`lib_fota_download` library:

  * Added support for DFU SMP target with new Utils API that in turn supports downloading, scheduling and activating images in all FOTA DFU targets.

>   * Added support for Delta Modem and Full modem firmware update support reconnect after update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added support for Delta Modem and Full modem firmware update without a reboot.
```

* :ref:`lib_fota_download` library:

>   * Added support for DFU SMP target with new Utils API that in turn supports downloading, scheduling and activating images in all FOTA DFU targets.
>   * Added support for Delta Modem and Full modem firmware update without a reboot.
>   * Updated the library, which now verifies whether the download started with the same URI and resumes the interrupted download.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Added:

    * Support for DFU SMP target with new Utils API that in turn supports downloading, scheduling and activating images in all FOTA DFU targets.
    * Support for full and delta modem firmware update without a reboot.

  * Updated the library, which now verifies whether the download started with the same URI and resumes the interrupted download.
```
